\input texinfo
@setfilename developers_guide_ja.info
@documentlanguage ja
@documentencoding utf-8
@settitle AdLint 1.10.0 開発者ガイド

@copying
Copyright (C) 2010-2012, OGIS-RI Co.,Ltd.
@end copying

@titlepage
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top 導入
@end ifnottex

@unnumberedsec ライセンス
Copyright (C) 2010-2012, OGIS-RI Co.,Ltd.

AdLint is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

AdLint is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with AdLint.  If not, see <@uref{http://www.gnu.org/licenses/}>.

@unnumberedsec 開発環境
@multitable @columnfractions .1 .1 .3
@headitem 名称 @tab バージョン @tab 用途
@item @uref{http://www.ruby-lang.org/, Ruby}
@tab @code{1.9.3-p0}
@tab ベースとなる実装言語
@item @uref{http://rubyforge.org/projects/racc/, Racc}
@tab @code{1.4.7}
@tab 構文解析器の生成
@end multitable

@unnumberedsec 文書化環境
利用者ガイド、開発者ガイドなどの文書化には
@uref{http://www.gnu.org/software/texinfo/, GNU Texinfo} を使用する。

@unnumberedsec コーディング規約
Ruby 言語コードの整形は、@uref{http://shugo.net/ruby-codeconv/codeconv.html} に
従う。ただし、@code{return} は原則として使用しない。

Ruby 言語ソースを含む全てのテキストファイルは UTF-8 でエンコードし、改行文字は
LF とする。

@unnumberedsec 目次
@menu
* 分析:Analysis.
* 設計:Design.
* 索引:Index.
@end menu

@node Analysis
@chapter 分析

追記予定。


@node Design
@chapter 設計

追記予定。


@node Index
@unnumbered 索引
@printindex cp

@bye

@c vim:sw=2:sts=2:et:tw=79:fo+=mM:
